In addition to computing the enrollment rate,
we can also compute the average reading durations with this dataset.
The two analyses so far were comparing proportions.
With this metric, we'll be analyzing the difference in means.
This analysis will be quite similar.
Since we're comparing reading durations,
we only care about view action.
So let's filter by that first.
And let's only count each unique user once by finding
their average reading duration if they visited the site more than once.
Well, also group by group,
just so we keep track of that information.
This isn't necessary, but resetting the index is
nice just so we keep the ID and group as column names.
And it also let's us continue working in a data frame instead of a multi index series.
Now, we can find the average reading durations for each group like this.
On average, it looks like users in the experiment group spent
15 more seconds on the course overview page than those in the control group.
To see if this difference is significant,
let's simulate the sampling distribution for
the difference in mean reading durations with bootstrapping.
Here's what the sampling distribution looks like.
Now to find the P value,
let's simulate the distribution under the null and find
the probability that our observed statistic came from this distribution.
We'll create the distribution centered at zero
and they're having the same spread as our sampling distribution.
Here's our null distribution.
And here is where I observed statistic falls.
Our statistic definitely doesn't look like it came from this null distribution.
Looks like the difference we observed is significant.